Replace NormalizerFactory with a faster implementation (#210)
janephp/janephp: documentation/JsonSchema/usage.rst

``Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\DenormalizerInterface`` from the `Symfony Serializer Component`_.

It also generates a ``NormalizerFactory`` class having a static function ``create`` returning an array of all

> normalizers. But if you set ``normalizer-factory`` disabled, you'll have a ``LazyNormalizer`` that will load needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
normalizers. But if you set ``normalizer-factory`` to false, you'll have a ``LazyNormalizer`` that will only load needed
```

    <?php

    $normalizers = [
        new Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\ArrayDenormalizer(),

>         new Vendor\Library\Generated\Normalizer\LazyNormalizer(),

Reviewer: This name looks strange to me. Why not "JaneModelNormalizer"? The name should describe what is normalized, not how.
